# Web Scraper
## by Bota Doru


How to run it:

- clone the repo
```
 npm install
 npm run dev
 ```
- navigate to localhoost:3000 to test the application

## The Extra Feature

- The extra feautre I added is image scrapping based on a URL input. (ex: imgur, lightshot)


## Tech I used

After a bunch of trying with libraries like: website-scraper, xpath, scrape-it, @xmldom/xmldom, axios. I decided to use puppeteer and cheerios for parsing

- node.js 
- express.js 
- ejs-template 
- cheerior 
- puppeteer 
- tesseract.js
- tailwind



## My approach and the learning curve


Because the webside was implemented in Next.js, so the content is rendered on the server (Server Side Rendering). I tried to get the HTML with axios and parse it with cheerio, but that just obtained the HTML that rendered on the first load. After doing a little bit of reasearch, I discovered puppeteer and it's capabilities. I tried using it and launched an instance of Chromumium, waited for the content to load and then screped it! 

Another problem that I encountered were the dynamically generated classes. Because I couldn't search the title and desc via classes, I searched via tags and found a class called "group" that wasn't autogenerated and hooked that.

Even if pupeteer solved the problem that I talked about in the first paragraph, I realised later that it came with it's own issue. It doesn't seeem to work on the first try and need a few extra tries (3) to do the job. Counting the words on the blogs usually fails on 1-2 blogs and that is a bigger bug I need to fix. Another bug would be that it doesn't read the ejs-template right on the first "npm run dev" and requires a refresh of the page.




## Conclusion

Overall was a great learning experience. Also a web part I haven't tackled yet (so that was exciting to do). The code can be 100% improved and I look forward to the feedback on how to do that.

Therefore exciting to learn more and hopefully to share the journey with you guys from WebScrapping Api








## Some Imgur links for testing the Image Scraping


https://i.imgur.com/BaXTyhC.jpeg


https://i.imgur.com/ZPPki0x.png


https://i.imgur.com/bx7vMyv.jpeg






